Six magistrates get tired love
and a 6 more
and this little one you have here is from
rap to the brand slips I use it to
great for pike
I advise you to use it better
from boat as it deepens
a lot and it's easier to get hooked on
the shore teques
here has a pike bite so that
you see the assets that he took the hook
and it's quite effective
in the few angelic bridges used
with a lot of fish with him
well now let's see this herb
geological decathlon is cheap it seems
that today of the decathlon and do not buy it
but this gives a quantity of fish
impressive since you get to the two
meters two and a half meters so
depth but this color is very very
effective especially strawberry in strawberry and
when the bases are somewhat hard what
you catch snows they catch it pretty well on
hotel was already fishing with this in a
area that makes the class is very touched
if we take four or five fish each
and a half size back we took some
ramp that other but we draw two bases of
1 500
they went very well that day we are going to do
we are going to give these first so
we have here now this gentleman
It has the color that I love this color
is going very well for both white and
it looked like the color when it gives the
sun does a kind of flashes yes
to show it off I have a little bit bigger
he uses it more for the part he has
and his bite
is another of the young men we made
using the other day when we are in
White
well again with this one of the shovel
if the notaries is a bit has here the
hole where they have the leads and such
and very much the two were very much and nothing this one
has here that camouflages the hook emits
many flashes by this species these
scales in silver it has and then
yellow a lot of color variety this is
the best metro what deepens not
a lot but the pikes too and they
I really like this color sounds like you see
a lot and nothing is going well enough if not
I have no complaint about the size for
me perfect this one you can use
from shore not as much deepens
we are going to hook
and nothing because you are perfect
I'm from the brand ra for this one too what
what we have is decathlon looks like this
color alburnos of the case
the truth that we have just started
with the deepen to a meter
for just got to try but I think
that dad will also have to live for
the neighborhood
I have tried and it is not with many fish
but they move very well these this that
I have not said is flunked this also
and this also those pendin this when
they stop it for a long time it rises to the surface
and then when picking up it goes on like this
is moving very abruptly and goes to
the background does not sound less, but
this sound attracts fish
bigger I go I give advice that if
I'm going down base without marshes and that
are lowering assets that you give
a little bit, do not stop for 34 seconds and
you give it back because that technique
I do I was going very very very well for
plasmas
We have to the registry your solo that as
You see, it has fringes
the sorrow
we use it to talk sometimes and not
they welcome him very well that guy this is
rather prepared for bar for
any predator species sported go
lucioperca good the two for which
It has a lot of vibration mystery
for days with a lot
a lot of air that the water is very
cloudy and this is going to save us a
lost day this color is also very
good because very versatile is worth
money for any day or not as
others that goes better when the when
sunny
it's nicer more sunny or more
dark because this is a kind of
swim with a kind of bathrobe for
the white experts and the flashes that
hits the shovel and generally goes pretty
well this is for bases and the fish is
quite bigger than with that which is
much smaller but this one too
we used for the announced that he was
more and it looked that more for abbas but
enter quite
it seems that the bleeding body by the
These fringes have oranges but
they go very well for predatory fish
the bases draw many with these is pulled out
quantity and spot basis when
pass are very active
It also issues as the other has
the smallest ones but it emits a lot of
them six look about would do it the
camera without being seen well
we are our lords of these
are our masters of depth that
we use mostly in all our
fishing day
and also I hope you like this video
and a greeting and sign on channel one
greeting and r7 aledo min